This news is about cheese. In Asia, Japan is the biggest consumer of cheese.

South Koreans are starting to like cheese, too. They buy more and more of it.

They are starting to like Western dishes. They like pizza, for example. They also put cheese into traditional Korean dishes.

Every South Korean eats around 2.4 kilograms of cheese. A Frenchman eats 10 times more.

Difficult words: consumer (somebody who consumes – eats), dish (food cooked in a specific way), traditional (typical of a country/area).

You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.

In Argentina, an activist disappears. This happens in August. It happens during a protest. The protest supports a native leader. The protesters also want the native lands back.

Last Tuesday, people find the activist’s body. Some people think that the police are hiding what happened. They say that the government does not care. The police say that they did nothing.

Difficult words: activist (a person who does what they think or say), disappear (when you disappear, nobody knows where you are and if you are OK), support (show that you believe in something), native (a person who is from a place; in Argentina, this is a person from South America and not from Europe).

You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.

In nature, it is very difficult to see a snow leopard. One photographer filmed a snow leopard in China. The photographer saw the leopard’s footprints in the snow. He put his camera on a rock.

The special camera was 4,600 metres high in the mountains. The camera filmed the leopard. The camera was interesting for the leopard.

There are not many snow leopards in China. They are under state protection. The pictures of the leopard are very special.

Difficult words: difficult (not easy), footprint (a mark made by a foot).

You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.

Around 2,000 years ago, there were Greeks in Jerusalem. The Jews fought the Greeks. The Jews won. They took a fortress from the Greeks.

People try to find this fortress. They try for 2,000 years. Now, they finally find it.

It is 250 metres long and 60 metres wide.

Difficult words: were (past of “are”), fought (past of “fight”), fortress (a strong building for protection).

You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.

Billy always listens to his mother. He always does what she says. If his mother says, "Brush your teeth," Billy brushes his teeth. If his mother says, "Go to bed," Billy goes to bed. Billy is a very good boy. A good boy listens to his mother. His mother doesn't have to ask him again. She asks him to do something one time, and she doesn't ask again. Billy is a good boy. He does what his mother asks the first time. She doesn't have to ask again. She tells Billy, "You are my best child." Of course Billy is her best child. Billy is her only child.

Elizabeth washes her hands every day. She likes to wash her hands. She washes her hands with soap and water. She uses soap and water to wash her hands. She uses warm water and soap. She washes her hands for 30 seconds. After 30 seconds she stops washing her hands. She turns off the water. She dries her hands on a clean towel. Every few hours she turns on the water and washes her hands. Elizabeth has very clean hands. She does not have many germs on her hands. Germs cannot live on her clean hands.

Jeff sat down. He was in class. He was at school. He was in English class. He liked his English class. He liked his teacher. His teacher was friendly. His teacher helped all the students. His teacher answered everyone's questions. Jeff asked a new question every day. Yesterday he asked his teacher a spelling question. He asked his teacher how to spell "myself." His teacher told him how to spell it. Jeff thanked his teacher. His teacher said, "You're welcome. Ask me anything anytime. That's what I'm here for, to help you."

Andrew got down on his hands and knees. He put a dry sponge into the bucket. The bucket was full of soapy water. He squeezed the sponge. He scrubbed the kitchen floor. There were marks on the floor. There were spots on the floor. There was old food on the floor. He scrubbed the floor clean. Then he took the bucket into the bathroom. He poured the soapy water into the tub. The water went down the drain. He turned on the shower. He rinsed the tub. He turned the bucket over so it would dry. He washed his hands.

He loved his job. He had a good job. He was a teacher. He loved to teach. He loved his students. He loved to teach his students. His students listened to him. His students listened to almost every word he said. His students learned from him. They learned how to spell words. They learned how to pronounce words. They learned how to ask questions. They learned how to answer questions. They learned how to think. He taught them how to think. "Don't believe everything you hear," he said. "Don't believe everything you read," he said. "Don't believe everything you see," he said. "Use your head. If something sounds too good to be true, it usually is," he said.

A man started swimming to work. He got fed up with commuting and being stuck in traffic. Benjamin David beats the traffic by swimming 2km down a river in Germany. He drags his laptop, phone and his suit in a waterproof bag behind him. David realized the river outside his apartment went past his office. He decided to swim to work and get some exercise. This was better than battling commuters on buses or breathing fumes while cycling
David's river commute has made him fitter and less stressed. He said: "When I was on my bike, I would yell at cars. When I was on foot, I would yell at cyclists, and so on." He added: "Just a few metres to the side of [all the traffic] is the river, and if you just swim down that, it's completely relaxing." David said river swimming can be dangerous. He always checks the water temperature. In some cities it is illegal to swim in rivers.

There is a shortage of potatoes in New Zealand. This means there could be fewer potato chips until next year. Potato chip lovers are calling this a "chipocalypse". This is from the words "chip" and "apocalypse". New Zealand has had a very wet winter. This has hit potato farmers. In some areas, a third of the potatoes used to make potato chips has been lost. This means companies will make fewer potato chips, and prices for potato chips will be higher.
The Potatoes New Zealand group told a radio station: "It started raining in March, and it just simply hasn't stopped. We've had the entire year's worth of rainfall already….It's continuous, so the soils never get a chance to dry out." The group said potatoes are alive and need to breathe, but they are drowning and rotting because they are under water. A big supermarket said: "We are working…to manage supply as much as possible."

Google will soon let people check their mental health online. People searching for "depression" will get a link to a questionnaire with nine questions. This will check to see if you could have depression. Google has partnered with America's National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) on the project. NAMI said the questionnaire can help people decide if they need a doctor. At first, the questionnaire is only for people in the USA.
The questionnaire could help people get treatment more quickly. Google said: "Statistics show that those who have symptoms of depression experience…a six- to eight-year delay in getting treatment….We believe that awareness of depression can [enable] quicker access to treatment." However, a doctor said Google's questionnaire was the same as online information. He said it would be better to offer a chat box to psychological service

The world's first robot police officer started work in Dubai this week. Its name is 'RoboCop'. It greeted guests at a security conference. It also answered questions and gave directions. People can pay traffic fines and use other police services using RoboCop. It is also linked to a police station, so people can talk to real police officers. The 170-centimetre-tall RoboCop can speak six languages. It can also shake hands, and work out people's feelings.
By 2030, 25 per cent of the Dubai Police force will be robots. Dubai will also have the world's first smart police station. No humans will work there. RoboCop will help the Dubai Police to fight crime, keep the city safe and improve happiness levels. It will also help people in malls, airports and on the streets. Someone at the security conference said that: "The age of the robots is no longer coming. It has arrived."

United Airlines is in trouble. It treated a passenger badly. Security guards pulled a 69-year-old doctor from his seat. They dragged him out of the plane along the floor. Dr Dao became unconscious. His face was covered in blood. He lost two teeth and broke his nose. The doctor paid for his seat but United told him to get off the plane because a flight attendant needed his seat. Dao had to see many patients the next day. The United staff didn't listen to him.
Dr Dao is going to sue United Airlines. He was born in Vietnam and escaped from the Vietnam War. He said the United flight was "more horrifying" than being in that war. His daughter said what happened to her dad should never happen to anyone. She was shocked. A video of Dr Dao being dragged went viral on the Internet. Over 150,000 people signed an online petition for the United Airlines CEO to resign. He refused. He did not apologize at first.
